---
<--title-->: An awesome day in the lab
date: 2021-5-12
tags: experiments
---
## It has been almost three months since I had performed an experiment with my classmates in lab.

I have just written this article owing to I was busy preparing for IELTS and IGCSE exams before

**Motivation** :**At one point, I came up with the idea of analyzing impurities in water, because that is the basic science of environmental science what I am interested in. Fortunately, a friend of mine helped me to fulfill the requirements to practice in a lab at Nanjing University. During the winter vacation, we went to the office to learn some useful facts and skills about choosing micro-waste, which is important for the restoration of Marine ecology.*

***warm-up:*** <u>So first of all, we need to figure out where the microplastic comes from. It is formed from any possible manufacturing process related to plastic(such as polyene), especially during the usage of cleansers and toothpaste.</u>

**Process:** As I stepped into the lab, all of us were required to wear white coats and sealed gloves as it was a common procedure of the lab. **Subsequently**, we began to discuss the process of the experiment. Two of us were accredited to clean the beakers then place raw material with care. After that, we utilized Magnetic Stirring machines to diffuse the impurities homogeneously. **Additionally**, all of us were ready to purify the fluids except **me**—I needed to supervise everyone’s operation and evaluate the quality of the experiment. So lucky l am, with notes on hand, my job is a bit easier but essential and comprehensive.

**problems:** Some difficulties emerged, like when to end up stirring and how to extract make-up products. For the formal one, Jason and Jeffery paid gear attention to the diaphaneity and the temperature. Appropriate conditions were convenient for the following process.**After that**, Shawn started to install the vacuum centrifugal apparatus connected to the beakers. It was once hoped to extract small particles on the surface of water and subside the larger ones which were colloid. <u>In this way</u>, microplastic could be tested apparently within several minutes. **Unfortunately**, the machine malfunctioned due to insufficient adhesion. In fact, he was thinking positively to sort out other solutions. <u>At that moment</u>, Oswald and Teddy were busy cleaning the test tubes and beakers used previously. ***”how frizzing the water is”*** they complained together, especially in the cold winter. **So** instead of functioning the machines, we did the reast jobs by hand. **Firstly**, we prepared some smooth filter papers and poured the product slowly and vertically. I was grateful to notice some tiny white crystals adhered on the paper which were probably microplastic.*As for* the bottom of separation, we made best use of magnetic stones with current to flatten the precipitate evenly. **Then** repeated the process again and again until there were no tiny substances that existed on the paper. After finishing all of that, our first day in the lab ended.**The next step** was to investigate the extraction to judge the concentration of the microplastic and mineral elements.

**Conclusion&feelings&analysis:** I found the whole night exciting for its unique and open-mined practical opportunities. my job actually was a bit exhausting since I needed to walk around the lab to check any details and gave advice to the operator from time to time. To motivate my classmates during the dull and repetitive process, I created a form analyzing their skills and responsibilities up to maximum of 9 bonds, which took an example from the IELTS scores. In terms of basic theories,perseverance,cooperation(coordinate and familiar with apparatus when working with partners) and communications. Although the whole experience seemed to be successful, some flaws like chatting with classmates when they were recording precise values made it improvable.